---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a postdoctoral research fellow in philosophy 
at All Souls College, Oxford University. My main 
areas of research interest are logic, metaphysics, 
foundations of mathematics, and I have subsidiary 
interests in a range of topics including 
philosophy of mind, philosophy of language, and 
philosophy of physics. 

The focal project of my All Souls fellowship, 
'modal logicism', explores the idea that modal 
logic can be used resuscitate the core ideas of 
Fregean/Russellian logicism: that is, that the 
theorems of mathematics can be translated into 
pure logic and derived from principles that are 
(at least arguably) clearly true. Outside of that 
main project I am working on various other topics, 
including a paper (with Nick Jones) on the 
relation between contingentism about existence and 
possible worlds semantics, a paper (with Neil 
Barton and Ethan Russo) on the merits of Kit 
Fine's "procedural postulationist" foundation for 
mathematics, and a paper (with Lorenzo Rossi and 
Simon Schmitt) on the application of contextualist 
tools to the paradoxes of set theory.
